Using deep learning and natural language processing, this research study proposes a technique for detecting fraudulent job recruitment. Because of the expansion of social media and modern technology, advertising new job openings has recently become a serious concern in the modern world. As a result, everyone will have several reasons to be concerned about fake job postings. Detecting fraudulent job identification, like many other categorization tasks, presents a number of obstacles. This study proposes using several deep learning algorithms and natural language processing approaches to identify whether a job posting is genuine or fake. It is challenging to create a single neural network that can take in all of that data.In order to divide the task down into smaller steps, a neural network is fed numerical, categorical, and textual input in various ways. All text inputs will be received by the neural network. All extra numerical and category variables will be fed into a single network. Each network will go through independent training to achieve the highest accuracy score. The output from each network will then be input into an extra separate neural network in an attempt to aggregate the output from the prior networks in order to achieve an even higher accuracy score.

The objective of this project is to develop a deep learning model to detect fraudulent job recruitment using natural language processing. The model should be able to identify suspicious keywords and expressions in job postings, analyse job descriptions and requirements to detect anomalies, and classify job postings into legitimate or fraudulent. Additionally, the model should be able to identify patterns in job postings and make predictions of likely frauds. Finally,the comparison of the models is done for better performance rate.
